update missed parts to use Ceph v19.2.1 (#160)
cybozu-go/mantle: ceph/README.md

1. Update `CEPH_TAG` to the desired version.
2. If [`neco-containers/ceph/Dockerfile`](https://github.com/cybozu/neco-containers/blob/main/ceph/Dockerfile) or [`neco-containers/ceph/build.sh`](https://github.com/cybozu/neco-containers/blob/main/ceph/build.sh) is updated, update the Dockerfile in the same way.

### Update the others

> Update other files that use the Ceph image.
> 
> - [ceph/manifests/toolbox.yaml](https://github.com/cybozu-go/mantle/blob/main/ceph/manifests/toolbox.yaml)
> - [config/manager/manager.yaml](https://github.com/cybozu-go/mantle/blob/main/config/manager/manager.yaml)
> - [test/e2e/testdata/values-cluster.yaml](https://github.com/cybozu-go/mantle/blob/main/test/e2e/testdata/values-cluster.yaml)

Reviewer: How about writing down the way to find the change-target files rather than writing all target files? 

```suggestion
Update other files that use the Ceph image. It can be find by running `git grep "quay\.io/ceph/ceph:"` on the top directory.
```
